{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qc\ul\f0\fs56\lang16393 Git Commands\par

\pard\widctlpar\li795\sb100\sa100\qj\ulnone\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li795\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b\f1\fs27 git config\highlight0\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\f0\fs24\tab - Usage: git config \endash global user.name \ldblquote [name]\rdblquote\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\sb100\sa100\qj\b - Usage: git config \endash global user.email \ldblquote [email address]\rdblquote\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj - This command sets the author name and email address respectively to be\~used with your commits.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li795\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b\f1\fs27 git init\highlight0\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\f0\fs24\tab - Usage: git init [repository name]\b0\par
- This command is used to start a new repository.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li851\sb100\sa100\qj\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li851\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b\f1\fs27 git clone\highlight0\f0\fs24\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\tab - Usage: git clone [url]\par
\b0\f1 - This command is used to obtain a repository from an existing URL.\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\f0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li851\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b\fs27 git add\highlight0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\tab - Usage: git add [file]\f2\par
\b0\f0 - This command adds a file to the staging area.\par
\b\tab - Usage: git add *\par
\b0 - This command adds one or more to the staging area.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git commit\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\tab - Usage: git commit -m \ldblquote [ Type in the commit message]\rdblquote\b0\par
- This command records or snapshots the file permanently in the version history.\par
\b\tab - Usage: git commit -a\b0\par
-  This command commits any files you\rquote ve added with the git add command and also commits any files you\rquote ve changed since then.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git diff\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\tab - Usage: git diff\b0\par
-  This command shows the file differences which are not yet staged.\par
\b\tab - Usage: git diff \f3\endash staged\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command shows the differences between the files in the staging area and the latest version present.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git diff [first branch] [second branch]\par
\b0\f0 - \f3 This command shows the differences between the two branches mentioned.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git reset\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git reset [file]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command unstages the file, but it preserves the file contents.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git reset [commit]\par
\b0\f0 - \f3 This command undoes all the commits after the specified commit and preserves the changes locally.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git reset \endash hard [commit]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command discards all history and goes back to the specified commit.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git status\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git status\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command lists all the files that have to be committed.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git rm\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git rm [file]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command deletes the file from your working directory and stages the deletion.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git log\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git log\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command is used to list the version history for the current branch.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git log \endash follow[file]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command lists version history for a file, including the renaming of files also.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git show\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git show [commit]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command shows the metadata and content changes of the specified commit.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git tag\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git tag [commitID]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command is used to give tags to the specified commit.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git branch\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git branch\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command lists all the local branches in the current repository.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git branch [branch name]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command creates a new branch.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git branch -d [branch name]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command deletes the feature branch.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git checkout\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git checkout [branch name]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command is used to switch from one branch to another.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git checkout -b [branch name]\b0\par
\f0 -  \f3 This command creates a new branch and also switches to it.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git merge\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git merge [branch name]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command merges the specified branch\rquote s history into the current branch.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git remote\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git remote add [variable name] [Remote Server Link]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command is used to connect your local repository to the remote server.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git push\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git push [variable name] master\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command sends the committed changes of master branch to your remote repository.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git push [variable name] [branch]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command sends the branch commits to your remote repository.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git push \endash all [variable name]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command pushes all branches to your remote repository.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git push [variable name] :[branch name]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command deletes a branch on your remote repository.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git pull\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage:  git pull [Repository Link]\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command fetches and merges changes on the remote server to your working directory.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\qj\highlight1\b git stash\highlight0\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\qj\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git stash save\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command temporarily stores all the modified tracked files.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git stash pop\par
\b0\f0 - \f3 This command restores the most recently stashed files.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git stash list\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command lists all stashed changesets.\par
\b\f0\tab - \f3 Usage: git stash drop\b0\par
\f0 - \f3 This command discards the most recently stashed changeset.\par
\f0\par
** \b touch filename.extension \b0 creates a new file in the command window.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 